Fly to the branches and become a phoenix
Lin Shao
I think I've made it clear to you before
Sorry I can't marry you
Xuanxuan you
I haven't seen it clearly yet.
Is this the true face of the trash?
He's a total liar.
He's a snail who can only talk fast
Yes.
Qiuxue, everything you have now
It's all because of the big shots
For the sake of this young master
If you don't know what to give
I can take it back by raising my hand
I can also give your Liu family to the cover
This Liu Qingxue is too ignorant of praise
Propose to Lin Shao in such a noble capacity
He even rejected him for a waste
It's me. If he wants to marry Lin Shao immediately
It can only be said that there is a problem with the brain
This Lin Shao is young and promising
It's a big deal
The future is limitless.
Than this bragging trash
That's a thousand times the wall.
Good right right right
Qingxue, hurry up and promise Lin Shao
Is this Liu family alive or dead?
Then it depends on your choice tonight
Yeah, yeah.
Qingxue, hurry up and promise Master Lin
Otherwise, Lin Shao will say a word
Our Liu family will no longer have a foothold in Yuncheng
More than Yuncheng
Even Murong always has to give the Lin family face
If Lin Shao is unhappy
We have no place in the Dragon Kingdom
Liu Qingxue
Do you want to be the sinner of the Bengchu Liu family?
Green snow
They treat you so badly
It's gone, it's gone.
Yaoyao and I are your forever family
You dog
Here's your cut in.
Anemia is my daughter
It has nothing to do with you white-eyed wolf
Liu Xianxuan's engagement party tonight
You don't have a second option.
You can only choose me
Badass let go of my mom
You little bastard
I'll go